New page: HTMLInputElement.list (#35625)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmlinputelement/list/index.md

---
title: "HTMLInputElement: list property"
short-title: list
slug: Web/API/HTMLInputElement/list
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.HTMLInputElement.list
---

{{ApiRef("HTML DOM")}}

The **`list`** read-only property of the {{domxref("HTMLInputElement")}} interface returns the {{domxref("HTMLDataListElement")}} pointed to by the [`list`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input#list) attribute of the element, or `null` if the `list` attribute is not defined or the `list` attribute's value is not associated with any `<datalist>` in the same tree.

> [!NOTE]
> This is a read-only property. To associate a `<datalist>` with an element, set the value of the `list` attribute with {{domxref("Element.setAttribute", "setAttribute()")}}.

## Value

An {{domxref("HTMLDataListElement")}} or `null`.

## Example

Given the following HTML:

```html
<label for="planet">Which planet are you from?</label>
<input id="planet" type="text" list="superhero" />
<datalist id="superhero">
  <option value="Azarath" />
  <option value="Krypton" />
  <option value="Tamaran" />

> </datalist>
> </datalist>

Author: ```suggestion
</datalist>
```

---
title: "HTMLInputElement: list property"
short-title: list
slug: Web/API/HTMLInputElement/list
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.HTMLInputElement.list
---

{{ApiRef("HTML DOM")}}

> The **`list`** property of the {{domxref("HTMLInputElement")}} interface is the {{htmlelement("datalist")}} element pointed to by the [`list`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input#list) attribute of the element, returning a {{domxref("HTMLDataListElement")}} or `null` if the `list` attribute is not defined or the `list` attribute's value is not associated with any `<datalist>` in the same tree

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`list`** read-only property of the {{domxref("HTMLInputElement")}} interface returns the {{domxref("HTMLDataListElement")}} pointed to by the [`list`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input#list) attribute of the element, or `null` if the `list` attribute is not defined or the `list` attribute's value is not associated with any `<datalist>` in the same tree.
```

> 
> The `list` attribute identifies a `<datalist>` in the same tree providing predefined options to the user.

Author: ```suggestion
```

> The `list` attribute identifies a `<datalist>` in the same tree providing predefined options to the user.

Reviewer: This looks repetitive. Remove?

> [!NOTE]
> This is a read-only property. To associate a `<datalist>` with an element, set the value of the `list` attribute with {{domxref("Element.setAttribute", "setAttribute()")}}.

## Value

> A {{domxref("HTMLDataListElement")}} or `null`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An {{domxref("HTMLDataListElement")}} or `null`.
```

## Example

Given the following HTML:

```html
<label for="planet">Which planet are you from?</label>
<input id="planet" type="text" list="superhero" />
<datalist id="superhero">
  <option value="Azarath" />
  <option value="Krypton" />
  <option value="Tamaran" />

>   <datalist></datalist>

Reviewer: Extraneous?

</datalist>
```

> You can retrieve or set the id of the `<datalist>` associated with the `<input>` attribute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can retrieve the `<datalist>` element associated with the `<input>`:
```
